README.md, before:

# :dark_sunglasses: Spotify awesome 	
A curated contents of things related to Spotify

###  :sunglasses: People to follow 
- Paul Lamere: Director of Developer Platform Echonest (now, part of Spotify). [Github](https://github.com/plamere), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/plamere), [Site](https://musicmachinery.com/).
  
 - Glenn McDonald: Spotify’s data alchemist. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/glenn_mcdonald), [Site](http://furia.com/).
    
 - Edward Clement Lee: Data Apps and Visualization at Spotify. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/edwrdlee), [Site](http://edwardclementlee.com/)

    
### :headphones: To find music 
#### [Every Noise at Once](http://everynoise.com/): 
  Every Noise at Once is an ongoing attempt at an algorithmically-generated, readability-adjusted scatter-plot of the musical genre-space, based on data tracked and analyzed for 4,368 genre-shaped distinctions by Spotify as of 2020-05-22. The calibration is fuzzy, but in general down is more organic, up is more mechanical and electric; left is denser and more atmospheric, right is spikier and bouncier. Is a project from [Glenn McDonald](https://twitter.com/glenn_mcdonald). 

  
  Extras: 
  - [How We Understand Music Genres](http://everynoise.com/EverynoiseIntro.pdf) explains how this thing got started.
  - [A Retromatic History of Music (or Love)](http://everynoise.com/retromatic.html) follows these genres across years.
  - [Spotify New Releases by Genre](http://everynoise.com/new_releases_by_genre.cgi) uses them to scour this week's new releases.
  - [We Built This City On](http://everynoise.com/cities.html) follows them to their cities of origin.
  - [Genres by Country](http://everynoise.com/countries.html) breaks them down by strength of association with countries.
  - [Songs From the Edges](http://everynoise.com/songsfromtheedges.html) flings you through a blast-tour of the most passionate genrecults.
  - [Songs From the Ages](http://everynoise.com/songsfromtheages.html) samples demographic groups.
  - [Songs From the Streets](http://everynoise.com/songsfromthestreets.html) samples cities.
  - [Drunkard's Rock](http://everynoise.com/drunkardsrock.html) wanders around for a really long time.
  - [The Sounds of Places](http://everynoise.com/countrysounds.html) plots countries as if they were genres.
  - [Spotify World Browser](http://everynoise.com/worldbrowser.cgi) shows Spotify editorial programming in different countries.
  - [Every Place at Once](http://everynoise.com/everyplace.cgi) is an index of the distinctive listening of individual cities.
  - [Hyperspace House Concerts](http://everynoise.com/hyperspace_house_concerts.cgi) looks for music playing only in particular places.
  - [Every School at Once](http://everynoise.com/everyschool.cgi) is an index of the distinctive listening of students by school.
  - [Genres in Their Own Words](http://everynoise.com/genrewords.html) maps genres to words found in their song titles.
  - [The Needle](http://everynoise.com/theneedle.html) tries to find songs surging towards the edges of one obscurity or another.
  - [2019 Around the World](http://everynoise.com/2019_around_the_world.cgi) surrounds and inhabits a year in music.
  - [The Approaching Worms of Christmas](http://everynoise.com/xmas.html) tries to wrap itself around things I usually fight.
  - [Every Demographic at Once](http://everynoise.com/everydemo.cgi) explores listening by country, age and gender.
  - Or there's a dynamically-generated daily summary of [Spotify Listening Patterns by Gender](http://everynoise.com/gender_tldr.html).
  - Or a [World Mindset](http://everynoise.com/world_playlist_mindset.html) summary based on trends in listener-created playlist titles.
 

#### [Discover Quickly](https://discoverquickly.com/):
  Interface for finding new music, powered by Spotify's APIs. Made by [Edward Clement Lee](https://twitter.com/edwrdlee) and [Aliza Aufrichtig](https://twitter.com/alizauf). 
   The new Discover Quickly web app brings up your Discovery Weekly playlist as a grid of album covers. When you mouse over one, the song starts playing halfway through, and you can click the album cover to zoom in on that particular song and artist. Clicking a track will also save it as a list that you can quickly export to Spotify as a new playlist[*](https://gizmodo.com/this-clever-hack-will-change-the-way-you-find-music-on-1833433404).

#### [Music Taste](https://musictaste.space/)
  Is a web app which helps users gain insights into their Spotify listening habits and compare their music taste with friends. Made by [Kalana Vithana](https://www.twitter.com/_kalpal)
   
### :dvd: To create playlists 
#### [Smarter Playlists](http://playlistmachinery.com/):
  Smarter Playlists is a web app that lets you build complex playlists by assembling simple components. Made by [Paul Lamere](https://twitter.com/plamere).

### :label: To organize playlists 
#### [Exportify](https://github.com/watsonbox/exportify): 
  Export Spotify playlists using the Web API. Made by [Howard Wilson
](https://github.com/watsonbox).

#### [Sort Your Music](http://sortyourmusic.playlistmachinery.com/):
  Sort Your Music lets you sort your playlist based on a number of Echo Nest song attributes. Made by [Paul Lamere](http://twitter.com/plamere) and [Nick Sonneveld](https://twitter.com/sonneveld).


### :eight_pointed_black_star: Random 

#### [Spotify TUI](https://github.com/Rigellute/spotify-tui)
  A Spotify client for the terminal written in Rust. Made by [Alexander Keliris](https://github.com/Rigellute)

Commit message:

add dubolt and magic playlist

README.md, after:

# :dark_sunglasses: Spotify awesome 	
A curated contents of things related to Spotify

###  :sunglasses: People to follow 
- Paul Lamere: Director of Developer Platform Echonest (now, part of Spotify). [Github](https://github.com/plamere), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/plamere), [Site](https://musicmachinery.com/).
  
 - Glenn McDonald: Spotify’s data alchemist. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/glenn_mcdonald), [Site](http://furia.com/).
    
 - Edward Clement Lee: Data Apps and Visualization at Spotify. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/edwrdlee), [Site](http://edwardclementlee.com/)

    
### :headphones: Discover new music 
#### [Every Noise at Once](http://everynoise.com/): 
  Every Noise at Once is an ongoing attempt at an algorithmically-generated, readability-adjusted scatter-plot of the musical genre-space, based on data tracked and analyzed for 4,368 genre-shaped distinctions by Spotify as of 2020-05-22. The calibration is fuzzy, but in general down is more organic, up is more mechanical and electric; left is denser and more atmospheric, right is spikier and bouncier. Is a project from [Glenn McDonald](https://twitter.com/glenn_mcdonald). 

  
  Extras: 
  - [How We Understand Music Genres](http://everynoise.com/EverynoiseIntro.pdf) explains how this thing got started.
  - [A Retromatic History of Music (or Love)](http://everynoise.com/retromatic.html) follows these genres across years.
  - [Spotify New Releases by Genre](http://everynoise.com/new_releases_by_genre.cgi) uses them to scour this week's new releases.
  - [We Built This City On](http://everynoise.com/cities.html) follows them to their cities of origin.
  - [Genres by Country](http://everynoise.com/countries.html) breaks them down by strength of association with countries.
  - [Songs From the Edges](http://everynoise.com/songsfromtheedges.html) flings you through a blast-tour of the most passionate genrecults.
  - [Songs From the Ages](http://everynoise.com/songsfromtheages.html) samples demographic groups.
  - [Songs From the Streets](http://everynoise.com/songsfromthestreets.html) samples cities.
  - [Drunkard's Rock](http://everynoise.com/drunkardsrock.html) wanders around for a really long time.
  - [The Sounds of Places](http://everynoise.com/countrysounds.html) plots countries as if they were genres.
  - [Spotify World Browser](http://everynoise.com/worldbrowser.cgi) shows Spotify editorial programming in different countries.
  - [Every Place at Once](http://everynoise.com/everyplace.cgi) is an index of the distinctive listening of individual cities.
  - [Hyperspace House Concerts](http://everynoise.com/hyperspace_house_concerts.cgi) looks for music playing only in particular places.
  - [Every School at Once](http://everynoise.com/everyschool.cgi) is an index of the distinctive listening of students by school.
  - [Genres in Their Own Words](http://everynoise.com/genrewords.html) maps genres to words found in their song titles.
  - [The Needle](http://everynoise.com/theneedle.html) tries to find songs surging towards the edges of one obscurity or another.
  - [2019 Around the World](http://everynoise.com/2019_around_the_world.cgi) surrounds and inhabits a year in music.
  - [The Approaching Worms of Christmas](http://everynoise.com/xmas.html) tries to wrap itself around things I usually fight.
  - [Every Demographic at Once](http://everynoise.com/everydemo.cgi) explores listening by country, age and gender.
  - Or there's a dynamically-generated daily summary of [Spotify Listening Patterns by Gender](http://everynoise.com/gender_tldr.html).
  - Or a [World Mindset](http://everynoise.com/world_playlist_mindset.html) summary based on trends in listener-created playlist titles.
 

#### [Discover Quickly](https://discoverquickly.com/):
  Interface for finding new music, powered by Spotify's APIs. Made by [Edward Clement Lee](https://twitter.com/edwrdlee) and [Aliza Aufrichtig](https://twitter.com/alizauf). 
   The new Discover Quickly web app brings up your Discovery Weekly playlist as a grid of album covers. When you mouse over one, the song starts playing halfway through, and you can click the album cover to zoom in on that particular song and artist. Clicking a track will also save it as a list that you can quickly export to Spotify as a new playlist[*](https://gizmodo.com/this-clever-hack-will-change-the-way-you-find-music-on-1833433404).

#### [Music Taste](https://musictaste.space/)
  Is a web app which helps users gain insights into their Spotify listening habits and compare their music taste with friends. Made by [Kalana Vithana](https://www.twitter.com/_kalpal)

#### [Dubolt](https://dubolt.com/)
  Discover new music with the help of old favorites. Made by [Darrell Hanley](https://twitter.com/darrellhanley).
 
#### [Magic Playlist](https://magicplaylist.co/)
  The algorithm detects the main artists and creates a playlist based on their high rated tracks. You can preview each song, remove it and add security attributions such as public or private. Give it a name, save it into your Spotify's account and enjoy. Made by [Joel Lovera](https://github.com/loverajoel)





### :dvd: Create playlists 
#### [Smarter Playlists](http://playlistmachinery.com/):
  Smarter Playlists is a web app that lets you build complex playlists by assembling simple components. Made by [Paul Lamere](https://twitter.com/plamere).

### :label: Organize playlists 
#### [Exportify](https://github.com/watsonbox/exportify): 
  Export Spotify playlists using the Web API. Made by [Howard Wilson
](https://github.com/watsonbox).

#### [Sort Your Music](http://sortyourmusic.playlistmachinery.com/):
  Sort Your Music lets you sort your playlist based on a number of Echo Nest song attributes. Made by [Paul Lamere](http://twitter.com/plamere) and [Nick Sonneveld](https://twitter.com/sonneveld).


### :eight_pointed_black_star: Random 

#### [Spotify TUI](https://github.com/Rigellute/spotify-tui)
  A Spotify client for the terminal written in Rust. Made by [Alexander Keliris](https://github.com/Rigellute)
  
#### [Artist Explorer](https://artist-explorer.glitch.me/):
  Artists Explorer is a tool that helps serious music enthusiasts explore artist relationships and discover new music. Start from any artist and quickly navigate through trees of related artists, previewing their music as you go. Made by [Faruk Emre Sahin](https://github.com/fsahin).
